[EDU-4521] refactor: add tabs to Marketplace Integrations guides (#1172)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/signed-cookies.mdx

To configure your integration, proceed as follows:

<Tabs client:visible>
    <Fragment slot="tab.console">Console</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.rtm">Real-Time Manager</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.console">
1. On the upper-left corner, select **Products menu** > **Edge Application** on the **Build** section.
2. On the listing page of your edge applications, select the one you want to use with the **Signed Cookies** integration.
3. On the **Main Settings** tab, under **Modules**, locate the **Edge Functions** switch and turn it on to enable **Functions** on your edge application.
4. Still under the **Modules** section, locate the **Application Accelerator** switch and turn it on to enable the **Forward Cookies** functionality for your application.
  - This will be addressed later at the [Rules Engine section](#configuring-a-rule-on-rules-engine).
4. Click the **Save** button.

> You'll receive a successful message indicating your edge application was updated.

Reviewer: You'll receive a success message indicating that your Edge application has been updated.

> You'll receive a successful message indicating your edge application was updated.

Author: ```suggestion
You'll receive a success message indicating that your edge application has been updated.
```

4. Click the **Save** button.

> You'll receive a successful message indicating your edge application was updated.

Author: ```suggestion
You'll receive a success message indicating that your edge application has been updated.
```
